[LakeModel] Simplify computation of the steady state (#355)
QuantEcon/lecture-python.myst: lectures/lake_model.md

1. store the primitives $\alpha, \lambda, b, d$
1. compute and store the implied objects $g, A, \hat A$
1. provide methods to simulate dynamics of the stocks and rates

> 1. provide a method to compute the steady state of the rate (We will discuss it in section {ref}`dynamics_workers`)

Reviewer: "We will discuss..." -> "which we discuss.."

> 1. provide a method to compute the steady state of the rate (We will discuss it in section {ref}`dynamics_workers`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. provide a method to compute the steady state of the rate (which we discuss in section {ref}`dynamics_workers`)
```

> 2. provide a method to compute the steady state rate using {ref}`a technique <dynamics_workers>` we previously introduced for computing stationary distributions of Markov chains

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. provide a method to compute the steady state vector of employment and unemployment rates $\bar x$ using {ref}`a technique <dynamics_workers>` we previously introduced for computing stationary distributions of Markov chains
```

Reviewer 2: @shlff I have made an adjustment to include the notation $\bar x$ and be more specific with regards to vector of employment and unemployment rates. Do you agree?

Reviewer 3: Yep @mmcky , I think it is a good change. 

I just suggest shifting $\bar x$ to the end of ``the steady state vector`` to avoid misunderstanding.

> 2. provide a method to compute the steady state vector of employment and unemployment rates $\bar x$ using {ref}`a technique <dynamics_workers>` we previously introduced for computing stationary distributions of Markov chains

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. provide a method to compute the steady state vector $\bar x$ of employment and unemployment rates using {ref}`a technique <dynamics_workers>` we previously introduced for computing stationary distributions of Markov chains
```

        --------
        xbar : steady state vector of employment and unemployment rates
        """

>         x = np.array([self.A_hat[0, 1], self.A_hat[1, 0]])

Reviewer 4: This is a typo...
```suggestion
        x = np.array([self.A_hat[1, 0], self.A_hat[0, 1]])
```

>         x /= x.sum()

Reviewer 3: Suggest
```
        x /= x.sum()
        return x
```
to 
```
        return x / x.sum()
```

Reviewer 4: The former is in principle strictly better: `x / x.sum()` creates an intermediate array while `x /= x.sum()` is an in-place operation. (Of course, the difference is negligible for this size of the data.)

        --------
        xbar : steady state vector of employment and unemployment rates
        """

>         x = np.array([self.A_hat[0, 1], self.A_hat[1, 0]])

Reviewer 4: Copied typo:
```suggestion
        x = np.array([self.A_hat[1, 0], self.A_hat[0, 1]])
```

Reviewer 3: Thanks @oyamad . I am afraid that I cannot see why this is a typo.

The method with ``x = np.array([self.A_hat[0, 1], self.A_hat[1, 0]])`` gives me the same result as the original iterative method, please see my experiment here:

https://gist.github.com/shlff/02f5aac35f8793cdf08935e13174b131

Can you clarify a bit more?
